2020.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.2.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.1.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2018.3.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 15)
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 15)
 * No changes

2017.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 15)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 14)
 * General: Comment change in C model. No change to functionality
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2016.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 12)
 * General: Added auto family support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 10)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 8)
 * C models are no longer provided for 32-bit operating systems as Vivado has deprecated 32-bit OS support
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter

2014.4.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Added Automative Grade Artix7 support
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Updated the core for re-factored proc_common and axi_lite_ipif helper libraries

2014.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Added new TCL command support in module xdc file

2014.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Defense-grade Artix-7Q, Kintex-7Q, Virtex-7Q and Zynq-7000Q Production support
 * C models for Windows are compiled using Microsoft Visual Studio 2012
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)

2013.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes
 * Added Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Added Automotive Zynq 7000 Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for out of context flow
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Updated GUI Layout and parameter allowable ranges
 * Removed C model dependency on stlport (STL Portability) library; C model now uses STL built into the compiler
 * Windows C model DLLs are statically linked to the Windows C run-time (CRT) library, to remove the runtime dependency on MSVCRT90.dll, which can cause problems when using the C model in a Windows compiler other than Visual Studio 2008

2013.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for C simulation model
 * Update default constraints for clock period and priority
 * Changed range of layer global alpha from (2^n)-1 to 2^n or 256, 1024 and 4096 for 8, 10 and 12-bit component width respectively

2013.1:
 * Version 6.0
 * Vivado Only Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.
 * Updated GUI Layout
 * Added Out-of-Context XDC Constraints

(c) Copyright 2009 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
